# COMP3030J-Musical-Instrument-Shop - Software Engineering Project 2021-2022
## Group 8: IllegalGroupNameException
Your software engineering team has been hired to meet the needs of a client, a local Musical Instrument Shop. This shop is family-owned and has sold musical instruments locally for years. All of their business to-date is walk-in retail customers.

# Abstract
Recent years have witnessed the mushroom growth of online shopping due to the pandemic. This report documents our overall system, the solution to users' requirements, the system's design, the plan for each project phase, the process of developing software, and how our group works together to complete the team-based project. Now this system documentation will explore these in detail.

# Project Introduction

In the context of the pandemic, the family-owned instruments local shop
was forced to close their physical business and is now anticipating
e-commerce as an auxiliary or alternative sales channel. Research has
shown that the pandemic adversely affected small and localised sellers,
while larger online shops with diversified products gained more profits.
This highlights the pandemic indicates a **necessary shift from
brick-and-mortar retail to e-commerce**. However, customers may feel
intangible online instruments distract them from buying them. Moreover,
the increasingly competitive pressure of current e-commerce platforms
requires more exquisite designs to attract consumers' shopping desires.

Our project aims to develop an attractive online instruments shop for a
family-owned shop to alleviate the aforementioned problems. Firstly, our
project has essential functions for online shopping. Secondly, to give
customers **immersive shopping experience**, our project employs the
usage of **3D instruments** preview and instruments playing games on our
website. Thirdly, our project is original in allowing customers to
interact with 3D models to **customise** their preferred instruments,
which have not gained much prevalence in current e-commerce. Most
importantly, our project features intelligence, such as instrument
recognition and search based on **Machine Learning (ML)** and
**Information Retrieval (IR)** and AI customer service based on
**Natural Language Processing (NLP)**.

# Project Plan

Here are our project milestones.

-   **Milestone 1 (due date: 11st March 2022)**: The first milestone is
    to finish identifying the requirements of the project, design the
    system and get accustomed to working as a group. We should have
    finished some common functions of the customer and employee portal.

-   **Milestone 2 (due date: 31st March 2022)**: The second milestone is
    to implement all requirements listed in the problem statement and
    add new features to our website. We should have finished our
    prominent features of 3D instruments preview, customisation, and
    Chinese zone.

-   **Milestone 3 (due date: 25th April 2022)**: The third milestone is
    to finish implementing AI customer service based on NLP and advanced
    features based on ML.

-   **Milestone 4 (due date: 15th May 2022)**: The fourth milestone is
    to finish improving current functions and finish the documentation.

-   **Milestone 5 (due date: 31st May 2022)**: The last milestone is
    mainly in preparation for our final project release. In this stage,
    we will finish the unit testing, integration testing and fix bugs to
    make our website more reliable.

![Technology Stack](images/tech.png){#fig:stack width="16cm"}

There are several reasons why we choose **Django** as our framework
rather than Flask. Django distinguishes itself from Flask because of its
powerful database access components - ORM supports complex database
operations with concise statements, template language supports complex
assignments and calculations, and the REST framework provides convenient
front-end and back-end interaction. Additionally, we use Blender, 3D MAX
Tool and three.js to achieve functions related to 3D instrument models.
Moreover, we employ **Machine Learning** to implement the instrument
recognition, which will be further explained in detail. Moreover, our
project implements the AI customer service using the **RASA** framework
and **Natural Language Processing**.
